GROUP-2

This is Gopi Krishna Kummari (He/Him). Created the group repository. I'm a graduate student in Computer Science major at UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS.I'm good at programming languages like C,c++,Java,Python and also scripting languages like CSS,PHP,HTML ; Oracle,DB,Jupyter.I'm here to collaborate with my team regarding Software engineering project.
Hello, this is Harshath Budida. Currently, I am pursuing my Masters in Data Engineering at UNT. I have experience in Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, R and Scala, Web_Technologies: HTML, Javascript and PHP, Databases: MySQL, Sqlite3, Oracle and Hive, and Technologies: Hadoop, Spark, Github, Jira and Servicenow. I am flexible in Backend part.
Hi, this is Veeresh. I was a Mainframe developer who also have worked on Java migration projects. I am currently pursuing my 2nd semester at UNT. I would like to contribute the backend part of the project.
Hello, this is Balaji Valeti. I started my Masters degree in the stream of Computer Engineering at UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS. I have experience in C, Python, HTML and SQL. I'm here to actively engage with my team on our Software Engineering project and contribute collaboratively.
Hi This is Sashidhar Chary. I'm currently pursuing my master's in Computer Science at UNT. I have expertise in programming languages - C, Python, Java; Scripting languages - HTML, CSS, Javascript; DB - MYSQL, Oracle, NoSQL; I can bring in my Frontend expertise, to contribute to this group project.
Hi Everyone, I am Susmith Meesa currently pursuing my masters in Computer scienc at UNT. I have 2 years expereince in building applications for android and ios devices. Besides that I also have commnad on varios technical stack such as c++ for DS, Java for mobile development, Python for machine learning, MySql. I am looking forward to use my experience and also endeavour into new doamains like backend and testing and collaborate with my teammates in this project.
Hello everyone ,Iam Harshitha Thokala, currently pursuing my masters in computer science at UNT. I am good at programming languages like C, Python and scripting languages like HTML,CSS ; DB - MYSQL and also have an idea about ServiceNow. 
Hey, Iam Pooja Sree Poka. I'm pursuing masters in Computer science at University of North Texas. I am familiar with and also have hands on experience with Programming languages like C, Python, Java; Scripting Languages - HTML, CSS; DB - SQL. I want to actively engage with my fellow teammates on our software project and use my previous experience to enhance the project collaboratively.
